that thing's alive sir I saw have I
tried it I hit it I know it I'm happy
that's it clearly midian poised like a
cat viewing Kevin it was all he could
those hands on those eyes so you got a
doodle you buddy you got huh is it human
or inhuman earthly or unearthly baffling
questions astounding questions that not
even the world's greatest scientific
minds can answer gentlemen do you
realize what we've found a being from
another world that's different from us
is one whole oh yeah we can only
communicate with it see what ever done
to the greenhouse I was working I
couldn't see ya then then a blast of
cold air and I heard Olson scream come
here get in the corner now hold this in
front of you stay by the weights which
1.9 needles at the top
you